agregando datos faltantes (#24)
theeye-io/theeye-docs: docs/core-concepts/tasks/index.md

| Options | create an options element | behave as Text Argument |
| Remote Options | create an options element using the response of a Remote API. It is posible to include the email of the user executing the task at the momento of the fetch. This will be achived including the keyword %THEEYE_USER_EMAIL% in the queystring of the url of remote api. Example url http://tracking-tool.domain.com/tickets?user=%THEEYE_USER_EMAIL% | behave as Text Argument |
| Date | create a Date Picker element | behave as Text Argument |

> | Email | a email text input | It is a field in which you can only write an email |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Email | creates a text input that only accepts email strings | behaves as Text Argument |
```

| File | create a File Selection element | when it is used with Script Tasks the uploaded file will be downloaded and the argument will contain the local path to the file. |

> | RegExp | insert a sequence of characters that define a search pattern | Regular expressions are used to perform pattern-matching and "search-and-replace" functions on text |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RegExp | creates a text input that only accepts regular expression and validate the format | behave as Text Argument |
```
